Add indexer table at a glance (#43283)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/code_navigation/index.md

Code navigation is made up of multiple features that build on top of each other:

- [Search-based code navigation](explanations/search_based_code_navigation.md) works out of the box with all of the most popular programming languages, powered by Sourcegraph's code search.

> - [Precise code navigation](explanations/precise_code_navigation.md) uses code graph data to provide correct code navigation features and accurate cross-repository navigation. We currently have precise support the languages below, check out our [indexers page](references/indexers) for a detailed breakdown of each indexer's status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Precise code navigation](explanations/precise_code_navigation.md) uses code graph data to provide precise code navigation features and accurate cross-repository navigation. We currently have precise support the languages below. See the [indexers page](references/indexers) for a detailed breakdown of each indexer's status.
```

to avoid run-on sentence
